Qontrol API
===========

Integrated photonic devices need large-scale, precise electronic
control. We can provide the precision and power you need, at a scale
only limited by your ambition. Let’s take photonics into the future. See
`our website <https://qontrol.co.uk/>`__ for more details!

Python Library for interfacing with **Qontrol** integrated optics
control hardware. This module lets you control Qontrol hardware modules,
natively in Python. It provides a main Qontroller class which handles
enumeration, low-level communications, sequencing, error-handling, and
log maintenance. Subclasses of Qontroller implement module-specific
features (e.g. DC current or voltage interfaces, positional interfaces).

Learn more, at www.qontrol.co.uk/support, or get in touch with us at
support@qontrol.co.uk. Contribute at www.github.com/takeqontrol/api .

Table of contents
-----------------

-  Installation
-  Usage
-  Credits
-  License

Installation
------------

Requirements: - A Python 3.6 or greater interpreter.

Dependencies - ``pyserial`` to enable the Serial interface
communications with the Qontrollers.

PyPi Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The most stable Qontrol Python API is available through the Python
Package Index PyPI. Using a bash terminal or similar, this can be
installed as follows:

.. code:: bash

   pip install qontrol

A check that the installation has been successfully performed is:

.. code:: python

   >>> import qontrol
   >>> qontrol.run_interactive_shell()

   - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
    Qontrol Interactive Shell
   - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Local Development - Github Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The latest development version is available through Github as instructed
below.

.. code:: bash

   git clone https://github.com/takeqontrol/api.git
   cd api/

Local installation can be performed using the ``setup.py`` installation
script.

.. code:: bash

   python setup.py develop

Usage
-----

See help and documentation at https://takeqontrol.github.io/api/

Credits
-------

List of contributors and authors: Qontrol - Joshua W. Silverstone -
Raffaele Santagati - Dario Quintero

Contributions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to contribute to this library contact support@qontrol.co.uk

License
-------

Copyright © 2020 Qontrol Ltd. 2020

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
